docs: update "Loggers" Plugin 4/n (#7254)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/sls-logger.md

---
title: sls-logger
keywords:
  - APISIX
  - API Gateway
  - Plugin
  - SLS Logger

>   - Ali Cloud Log Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Alibaba Cloud Log Service
```

Reviewer: please refer: https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/log-service

Reviewer: Others also need to be modified.

## Description

> The `sls-logger` Plugin is used to push logs to [Ali Cloud log server](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/112903.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.6.763.21321b47wcwt1u) using [RF5424](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sls-logger` Plugin is used to push logs to [Alibaba Cloud Log Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/log-service/latest/use-the-syslog-protocol-to-upload-logs) using [RF5424](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424).
```

It might take some time to receive the log data. It will be automatically sent after the timer function in the [batch processor](../batch-processor.md) expires.

## Attributes

| Name              | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-------------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | host              | True     | IP address or the hostname of the TCP server. See [Ali Cloud log documentation](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/29008.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.2.14.49301b4793uX0z#reference-wgx-pwq-zdb) for details. Use IP address instead of domain. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| host              | True     | IP address or the hostname of the TCP server. See [Alibaba Cloud Log Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/log-service/latest/endpoints) for details. Use IP address instead of domain. |
```

Reviewer: We should use English documentation links.

| port              | True     | Target upstream port. Defaults to `10009`.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| timeout           | False    | Timeout for the upstream to send data.                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | project           | True     | Project name in Ali Cloud log service. Create SLS before using this Plugin.                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| project           | True     | Project name in Alibaba Cloud Log Service. Create SLS before using this Plugin.                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

| logstore          | True     | logstore name in Ali Cloud log service. Create SLS before using this Plugin.                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | access_key_id     | True     | AccessKey ID in Ali Cloud. See [Authorization](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/47664.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.2.15.49301b47lfvxXP#task-xsk-ttc-ry) for more details.                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| access_key_id     | True     | AccessKey ID in Alibaba Cloud. See [Authorization](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/log-service/latest/create-a-ram-user-and-authorize-the-ram-user-to-access-log-service) for more details. |
```

> | access_key_secret | True     | AccessKey Secret in Ali Cloud. See [Authorization](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/47664.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.2.15.49301b47lfvxXP#task-xsk-ttc-ry) for more details.                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| access_key_secret | True     | AccessKey Secret in Ali Cloud. See [Authorization](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/log-service/latest/create-a-ram-user-and-authorize-the-ram-user-to-access-log-service) for more details.                                                                 |
```
